# BouncedInvoice

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**invoice_id** | **int** | A unique number generated by Qualpay to identify an invoice. Save this id to manage an invoice.&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Maximum Length: &lt;/strong&gt;10 | [optional] 
**merchant_id** | **int** | Unique ID assigned by Qualpay to a Merchant.&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Maximum Length: &lt;/strong&gt;12 | [optional] 
**invoice_number** | **string** | The Invoice Number (also referred to as the purchase identifier) generated by the merchant. &lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Maximum Length: &lt;/strong&gt;25 | [optional] 
**customer_id** | **string** | The Qualpay customer id associated with this invoice. &lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Maximum Length: &lt;/strong&gt;32 | [optional] 
**status** | **string** | Status of an invoice. Possible values are &lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;SAVED&lt;/strong&gt; Invoice is in draft state. An invoice in draft state can be updated. &lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;OUTSTANDING&lt;/strong&gt; Invoice has been mailed to the customer. Once an invoice is sent, only the billing_contact and from_contact can be updated.&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;PAID&lt;/strong&gt; Invoice has been paid completely. Once paid, the invoice is locked and cannot be modified. &lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;CANCELED&lt;/strong&gt; Invoice has been canceled. Once canceled, the invoice is locked and cannot be modified. &lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Maximum Length: &lt;/strong&gt;16 | [optional] 
**send_code** | **string** | The email client response code. Possible values are &lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;O&lt;/strong&gt; Email not send. The email address may be invalid.  &lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;A&lt;/strong&gt; Email not sent. The email address has been disabled. &lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;B&lt;/strong&gt; Email bounced. &lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Maximum Length: &lt;/strong&gt;1 | [optional] 
**db_timestamp** | **string** | The time when the invoice was sent.&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;yyyy-MM-ddTHH:mm:ss.SSS-ZZZZ | [optional] 
**recipient** | **string[]** | An array of the invoice recipient&#39;s email addresses. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


