# CheckoutLink

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**checkout_id** | **string** | A unique identifier that is generated when a checkout record is created. It should be stored as a reference to the checkout and can be used to pull payment details of the checkout. | [optional] 
**checkout_link** | **string** | A redirect link that will direct a customer to the Qualpay payment page. This link is unique for each checkout. | [optional] 
**merchant_id** | **int** | Unique ID assigned by Qualpay to a Merchant | [optional] 
**purchase_id** | **string** | The purchase identifier (also referred to as the invoice number) generated by the merchant. | [optional] 
**amt_tran** | **double** | Transaction amount from the request message | [optional] 
**tran_currency** | **string** | This field contains the ISO numeric currency code for the transaction.  This field contains the tran_currency from the request or, if profile_id is provided, this field will contain the tran_currency associated with the profile. | [optional] 
**db_timestamp** | **string** | This field contains the request creation time stamp. | [optional] 
**expiry_time** | **string** | This field contains the timestamp when the checkout_link will expire.  A link will expire once the complete payment is made or if the current date is past the expiry time.  Once a link expires, redirects to the link will be forwarded to your failure URL if provided or to the Qualpay Checkout error page if failure URL is not provided. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


