# Checkout

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**checkout_id** | **string** | A unique identifier that identifies a Checkout Object | [optional] 
**checkout_link** | **string** | A redirect link that will direct a customer to the Qualpay payment page. This link is unique for each checkout. | [optional] 
**db_timestamp** | **string** | The checkout resource creation time stamp. | [optional] 
**merchant_id** | **int** | Unique ID assigned by Qualpay to a Merchant | [optional] 
**expiry_time** | **string** | The expiration timestamp for the checkout_link. Once expired, the link cannot be used for making payments. | [optional] 
**amt_tran** | **double** | The total amount of the transaction including sales tax (if applicable). | 
**amt_balance** | **double** | Amount pending. Valid only for partial payments. If amount is paid in full, this field will be 0 | [optional] 
**tran_currency** | **string** | The ISO numeric currency code for the transaction.  If the profile_id field is provided, this field will be overridden by the profile’s tran_currency. | [optional] 
**purchase_id** | **string** | The purchase identifier (also referred to as the invoice number) generated by the merchant. | [optional] 
**profile_id** | **string** | The unique profile ID to be used in payment gateway requests if included in the request. | [optional] 
**merch_ref_num** | **string** | Merchant provided reference value that will be stored with the transaction data and will be included with the transaction data reported in the Qualpay Manager. This value will also be attached to any lifecycle transactions (e.g. retrieval requests and chargebacks) that may occur. | [optional] 
**customer_first_name** | **string** | The customer first name. | [optional] 
**customer_last_name** | **string** | The customer last name. | [optional] 
**customer_email** | **string** | The email address of the customer. | [optional] 
**customer_phone** | **string** | The customer phone number. | [optional] 
**billing_addr1** | **string** | The billing address of the cardholder. | [optional] 
**billing_state** | **string** | The billing state of the cardholder. | [optional] 
**billing_city** | **string** | The billing city of the cardholder. | [optional] 
**billing_zip** | **string** | The billing zip code of the cardholder. | [optional] 
**customer_id** | **string** | The Qualpay customer id associated with this transaction. | [optional] 
**preferences** | [**\calderaPayQualpayPlatform\Model\CheckoutPreferences**](CheckoutPreferences.md) | Preferences included in the request | [optional] 
**transactions** | [**\calderaPayQualpayPlatform\Model\GatewayResponse[]**](GatewayResponse.md) | An array of responses from Payment Gateway. Each element of the array represents a transaction for this Checkout. In addition if a notification_url is configured in preferences, the transaction object is also posted to the  URL after a checkout payment is made. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


