# CustomerVault

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**customer_id** | **string** | Unique ID established by merchant to identify a customer. The customer ID can be used to add subscriptions   using the Recurring Billing API or make payments using the Payment Gateway API. Once established, this ID cannot be udpated. This field is case sensitive. Only letters and numbers are allowed in a Customer ID.&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Maximum Length: &lt;/strong&gt;32&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Conditional Requirement: &lt;/strong&gt;Required if auto_generate_customer_id is false | [optional] 
**auto_generate_customer_id** | **bool** | Boolean flag that indicates if customer id should be auto generated. Applicable only when adding a customer. When set to true, Qualpay will generate a unique  customer id. The generated customer_id will be returned in the response. Save this id to manage the customer through Vault API. &lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Default: &lt;/strong&gt;false | [optional] 
**vendor_id** | **int** | Identifies the vendor to which this request applies. Applicable only if this request is on behalf of another merchant. | [optional] 
**rec_id** | **int** | Unique Internal ID generated by Qualpay to identify a Vault Customer. | [optional] 
**node_id** | **int** | The Node to which the merchant belongs. For Customer record, this refers to the Qualpay supplied Merchant ID. | [optional] 
**customer_first_name** | **string** | Customer&#39;s First Name.&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Maximum Length: &lt;/strong&gt;32 | [optional] 
**customer_last_name** | **string** | Customer&#39;s Last Name.&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Maximum Length: &lt;/strong&gt;32 | [optional] 
**customer_firm_name** | **string** | Customer Business name if applicable. &lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Maximum Length: &lt;/strong&gt;64 | [optional] 
**customer_phone** | **string** | Customer&#39;s Phone Number.&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Maximum Length: &lt;/strong&gt;16 | [optional] 
**customer_email** | **string** | Customer&#39;s Email address. &lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Maximum Length: &lt;/strong&gt;64 | [optional] 
**comments** | **string** | Comment | [optional] 
**primary_card_number** | **string** | Default Card Number for this customer. This card number is used for subscription payments. | [optional] 
**shipping_addresses** | [**\calderaPayQualpayPlatform\Model\ShippingAddress[]**](ShippingAddress.md) | Array of shipping addresses. If this field is not an array, it is ignored. | [optional] 
**billing_cards** | [**\calderaPayQualpayPlatform\Model\BillingCard[]**](BillingCard.md) | Array of Billing Cards. If this field is not an array, it is ignored. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


