# Invoice

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**invoice_id** | **int** | A unique number generated by Qualpay to identify an invoice. Save this id to manage an invoice.&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Maximum Length: &lt;/strong&gt;10 | [optional] 
**merchant_id** | **int** | Unique ID assigned by Qualpay to a Merchant.&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Maximum Length: &lt;/strong&gt;16 | [optional] 
**customer_id** | **string** | The Qualpay customer id associated with this invoice. &lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Maximum Length: &lt;/strong&gt;32 | [optional] 
**from_contact** | [**\calderaPayQualpayPlatform\Model\Contact**](Contact.md) | The merchant business contact information. | [optional] 
**billing_contact** | [**\calderaPayQualpayPlatform\Model\Contact**](Contact.md) | The customer contact information. | [optional] 
**invoice_number** | **string** | The Invoice Number (also referred to as the purchase identifier) generated by the merchant. &lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Maximum Length: &lt;/strong&gt;25 | [optional] 
**status** | **string** | Status of an invoice. Possible values are &lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;SAVED&lt;/strong&gt; Invoice is in draft state. An invoice in draft state can be updated. &lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;OUTSTANDING&lt;/strong&gt; Invoice has been mailed to the customer. Once an invoice is sent, only the billing_contact and from_contact can be updated.&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;PAID&lt;/strong&gt; Invoice has been paid completely. Once paid, the invoice is locked and cannot be modified. &lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;CANCELED&lt;/strong&gt; Invoice has been canceled. Once canceled, the invoice is locked and cannot be modified. &lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Maximum Length: &lt;/strong&gt;16 | [optional] 
**amt_tran** | **double** | The total invoice amount. Typically this will be a sum of the line item total and the tax amount. &lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Maximum Length: &lt;/strong&gt;10&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Number Of Decimals: &lt;/strong&gt;2 | [optional] 
**amt_tax** | **double** | Tax amount. This amount is automatically calculated if the tax_rate is provided.&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Maximum Length: &lt;/strong&gt;10&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Number Of Decimals: &lt;/strong&gt;2 | [optional] 
**amt_sub_total** | **double** | Sum of all line item total amounts.&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Maximum Length: &lt;/strong&gt;10&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Number Of Decimals: &lt;/strong&gt;2 | [optional] 
**amt_paid** | **double** | The amount paid by the customer.&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Maximum Length: &lt;/strong&gt;10&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Number Of Decimals: &lt;/strong&gt;2 | [optional] 
**amt_balance** | **double** | The amount due from the customer. This amount is typically the amt_tran minus amt_paid.&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Maximum Length: &lt;/strong&gt;10&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Number Of Decimals: &lt;/strong&gt;2 | [optional] 
**profile_id** | **string** | The unique payment gateway profile ID to be used when making an invoice payment. &lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Maximum Length: &lt;/strong&gt;20 | [optional] 
**tran_currency** | **string** | Numeric Currency Code. Refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;/developer/api/reference#country-codes\&quot;target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Country Codes&lt;/a&gt; for a list of currency codes. &lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Maximum Length: &lt;/strong&gt;3 | [optional] 
**footer_note** | **string** | The invoice footer note. This data will be displayed on the footer of the invoice. &lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Maximum Length: &lt;/strong&gt;750 | [optional] 
**payment_terms_note** | **string** | The invoice payment terms description.&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Maximum Length: &lt;/strong&gt;500 | [optional] 
**checkout_settings** | [**\calderaPayQualpayPlatform\Model\CheckoutSettings**](CheckoutSettings.md) | Invoice checkout settings specific to the checkout page. | [optional] 
**invoice_link** | **string** | A unique link generated once the invoice is complete and sent out to a customer. Customers can also use this link to view and pay for the invoice. | [optional] 
**sales_tax** | [**\calderaPayQualpayPlatform\Model\SalesTax**](SalesTax.md) | Sales tax | [optional] 
**payment_terms** | [**\calderaPayQualpayPlatform\Model\PaymentTerm**](PaymentTerm.md) | Payment Terms | [optional] 
**date_invoice** | **string** | The invoice date. &lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;YYYY-mm-DD | [optional] 
**line_items** | [**\calderaPayQualpayPlatform\Model\LineItem[]**](LineItem.md) | The invoice line item details. | [optional] 
**date_payment** | **string** | The invoice payment date. If multiple payments are made for this invoice, this field will have the latest payment date.&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;YYYY-mm-DD | [optional] 
**date_due** | **string** | The invoice due date. This date will be automatically calculated based on the payment_terms.  &lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;YYYY-mm-DD&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Default: &lt;/strong&gt;Invoice Date | [optional] 
**date_last_view** | **string** | The date the invoice was last viewed by the customer. &lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;YYYY-mm-DD | [optional] 
**date_sent** | **string** | The date invoice was first sent to the customer. This is the date the invoice status is set to OUTSTANDING. &lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;YYYY-mm-DD | [optional] 
**date_notice** | **string** | The date a reminder or overdue notice will be sent. A reminder notice is sent before the due date, overdue notices are sent after the due date. The reminder and overdue intervals can be configured in the Invoice settings page in Qualpay Manager. &lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;YYYY-mm-DD | [optional] 
**db_timestamp** | **string** | The invoice creation time stamp. &lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;yyyy-MM-ddTHH:mm:ss.SSS-ZZZZ | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


