# PGApiVerifyRequest

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**merchant_id** | **int** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 12 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Unique identifier on the Qualpay system. | 
**avs_address** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 20 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Street address of the cardholder. If present, it will be included in the authorization request sent to the issuing bank. | [optional] 
**avs_zip** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 9 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Zip code of the cardholder. If present, it will be included in the authorization request sent to the issuing bank.&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Conditional Requirement: &lt;/strong&gt;This field is required if avs_address is present. | [optional] 
**card_id** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 32 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Card ID received from a tokenization request. The card_id may be used in place of a card number or card swipe.&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Conditional Requirement: &lt;/strong&gt;Refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;/developer/api/reference#card-source-conditional-requirements\&quot;target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Card source conditional requirements&lt;/a&gt; | [optional] 
**card_number** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 19 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Cardholder&#39;s card number. &lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Conditional Requirement: &lt;/strong&gt;Refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;/developer/api/reference#card-source-conditional-requirements\&quot;target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Card source conditional requirements&lt;/a&gt; | 
**card_swipe** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 79 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Contains either track 1 or track 2 data magnetic stripe data. If the magnetic stripe reader provides both track 1 and track 2 data in a single read, it is the responsibility of the implementer to send data for only one of the two tracks.&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Conditional Requirement: &lt;/strong&gt;Refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;/developer/api/reference#card-source-conditional-requirements\&quot;target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Card source conditional requirements&lt;/a&gt; | [optional] 
**cardholder_name** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 64 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;When provided in a tokenize request, the cardholder name will be stored in the Card Vault along with the cardholder card number and expiration date. | [optional] 
**customer** | [**\calderaPayQualpayPlatform\Model\Customer**](Customer.md) | &lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;In an authorization, credit, force, sale or verify message the merchant can send tokenize (set to true), either card_number or card_swipe, the desired customer_id, and the customer field and the payment gateway will create the customer data in the vault. Cannot be used to update an existing customer_id | [optional] 
**customer_code** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 17 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Reference code supplied by the cardholder to the merchant. | [optional] 
**cvv2** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 4 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;CVV2 or CID value from the signature panel on the back of the cardholder&#39;s card. If present during a request that requires authorization, the value will be sent to the issuer for validation. | [optional] 
**developer_id** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 16 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Used to indicate which company developed the integration to the Qualpay Payment Gateway. This may also be used to provide the payment solution name that is connected to the Qualpay Payment Gateway. | [optional] 
**echo_fields** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;This field contains a JSON array of field data that will be echoed back in the response message. | [optional] 
**exp_date** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Fixed length, 4 N, MMYY format&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Expiration date of cardholder card number. Required when the field card_number is present. If card_swipe is present in the request, this field must NOT be present. When card_id or customer_id is present in the request this field may also be present; if it is not, then the expiration date from the Card Vault will be used.&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Conditional Requirement: &lt;/strong&gt;Refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;/developer/api/reference#card-source-conditional-requirements\&quot;target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Card source conditional requirements&lt;/a&gt; | [optional] 
**loc_id** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 4 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;When a merchant has more than one location using the same currency, this value is used to specify the specific location for this request. | [optional] 
**merch_ref_num** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 128 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Merchant provided reference value that will be stored with the transaction data and included with transaction data in reports within Qualpay Manager. This value will also be attached to any lifecycle transactions (e.g. retrieval requests and chargebacks) that may occur. | [optional] 
**profile_id** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Fixed length, 20 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Explicitly identifies which Payment Gateway profile should be used for the request. | [optional] 
**report_data** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;This field contains a JSON array of field data that will be included with the transaction data reported in Qualpay Manager. | [optional] 
**retry_id** | **int** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 15 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;This field contains a merchant generated number used to identify the request. This value must be unique within the last 24 hours. When present, the payment gateway will use the retry_attempt to determine whether the message is new or a retry of a previous message. | [optional] 
**session_id** | **string** | INTERNAL USE ONLY. | [optional] 
**tokenize** | **bool** | &lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Default: &lt;/strong&gt;false&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;In an authorization, credit, force, sale, or verify request the merchant can set tokenize to \&quot;true\&quot; and the payment gateway will store the cardholder data in the Card Vault and provide a card_id in the response. If the card_number or card_id in the request is already in the Card Vault, this flag instructs the payment gateway to update the associated data (e.g. avs_address, avs_zip, exp_date) if present. | [optional] 
**user_id** | **int** | INTERNAL USE ONLY. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


