# RecurringPlan

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**plan_id** | **int** | Unique ID generated by Qualpay for a Plan. | [optional] 
**merchant_id** | **int** | Qualpay assigned ID to identify a Merchant. | [optional] 
**plan_code** | **string** | A code assigned by merchant to a plan. Should be Unique. Plan Code cannot exceed 16 characters in length. | [optional] 
**plan_name** | **string** | A name assigned by merchant to a plan. Should be unique. Plan Name cannot exceed 64 characters in length. | [optional] 
**plan_desc** | **string** | A short description of the plan. | [optional] 
**plan_frequency** | **int** | This field identifies the frequency of billing. Use one of the following codes for frequency. &lt;ul&gt;      &lt;li&gt;0 - Weekly&lt;/li&gt;      &lt;li&gt;1 - Bi-Weekly&lt;/li&gt;      &lt;li&gt;3 - Monthly&lt;/li&gt;      &lt;li&gt;4 - Quarterly&lt;/li&gt;      &lt;li&gt;5 - BiAnnually&lt;/li&gt;      &lt;li&gt;6 - Annually&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;/ul&gt; | [optional] 
**interval** | **int** | Applicable only for monthly or weekly plans. Number of months/weeks in a subscription cycle. | [optional] 
**plan_duration** | **int** | Number of billing cycles in the recurring transaction, Use -1 if billing cycles are indefinite. | [optional] 
**status** | **string** | Status of a Plan. Allowable values are as follows: &lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;E - Active&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;A - Archived&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;D - Deleted&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt; | [optional] 
**trial_duration** | **int** | Number of billing cycles when the subscription will be in trial period. | [optional] 
**amt_trial** | **double** | Amount to be billed during the trial period. | [optional] 
**amt_setup** | **double** | One-Time Fee amount. This fee will be charged when a subscription is added. | [optional] 
**amt_tran** | **double** | Plan Transaction Amount. Amount that will be billed each cycle period. | [optional] 
**tran_currency** | **string** | Numeric Currency Code. If Profile_id is provded, the currency is determined from profile. Default is 840 - USD. Refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;/developer/api/reference#country-codes\&quot;target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Country Codes&lt;/a&gt; for a list of currency codes. | [optional] 
**profile_id** | **string** | Payment Gateway Profile id that will be used when billing transactions. tran_currency will be used if profile_id is not provided.If both tran_currency and profile_id is not provided, default USD profile is used. | [optional] 
**bill_specific_day** | **bool** | If set to true, customer will be billed on a specific start day. | [optional] 
**day_of_week** | **int** | This field represents the day of the week on which the system will be billed for weekly or biweekly plans.Applicable only if billing on specific days , i.e., bill_specific_day is true. &lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;1 - Sunday&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;2 - Monday&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;3 - Tuesday&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;4 - Wednesday&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;5 - Thursday&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;6 - Friday&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;7 - Saturday&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt; | [optional] 
**day_of_month** | **int** | Applicable only if billing on specific days , i.e., bill_specific_day is true. Day of the month on which the system will be billed for month or year based plans. Use 1-31 to represent the day of month when the customerwill be billed or 32 if billing should be on the last day of month. | [optional] 
**month** | **int** | Month on which the system will be billed for month or year based plans. Applicable only if billing on specific days , i.e., bill_specific_day is true.&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;1 - January&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;2 - February&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;3 - March&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;4 - April&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;5 - May&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;6 - June&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;7 - July&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;8 - August&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;9 - September&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;10 - October&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;11 - November&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;12 - December&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt; | [optional] 
**prorate_first_pmt** | **bool** | Set this flag to true if first payment should be prorated. Applicable only when billing is on specific days , i.e., bill_specific_day flag is set to true. | [optional] 
**amt_prorate** | **double** | Fixed prorate amount for first payment. This field is applicable only if prorate_first_pmt is set to true.  If set to zero or undefined, the system will calculate the prorate amount. | [optional] 
**db_timestamp** | **string** | Date/time the plan was created in YYYY-MM-DD hh:mm:ss format. | [optional] 
**mod_timestamp** | **string** | Date/time the plan was last modified in YYYY-MM-DD hh:mm:ss format. | [optional] 
**vendor_id** | **int** | Identifies the vendor to which this request applies. Applicable only if this request is on behalf of another merchant. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


