# ShippingAddress

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**shipping_id** | **int** | Unique id generated by Qualpay to identify the address for a customer. | [optional] 
**shipping_first_name** | **string** | Shipping First Name. Can contain upto 32 characters. | 
**shipping_last_name** | **string** | Shipping Last Name. Can contain upto 32 characters. | 
**shipping_firm_name** | **string** | Shipping address business name, if applicable. | [optional] 
**shipping_addr1** | **string** | Shipping Address line Item 1 | [optional] 
**shipping_addr2** | **string** | Shipping Address line Item 2 | [optional] 
**shipping_city** | **string** | Shipping City | [optional] 
**shipping_state** | **string** | Shipping State | [optional] 
**shipping_country** | **string** | Shipping Country | [optional] 
**shipping_country_code** | **string** | ISO numeric country code for the shipping address. Refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;/developer/api/reference#country-codes\&quot;target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Country Codes&lt;/a&gt; for a list of country codes. | [optional] 
**shipping_zip** | **string** | Shipping zip | [optional] 
**shipping_zip4** | **string** | Shipping zip+4 code if applicable. | [optional] 
**primary** | **bool** | Set this field to true if this should be the default address. If there are multiple addresses with primary true, only one of the card will be choosen to be the defaul address. Default value is false. | [optional] 
**vendor_id** | **int** | Identifies the vendor to which this request applies. Applicable only if this request is on behalf of another merchant. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


